One client manager - the single point of contact for your team and the client. Sends meeting invitations and thank yous, keeps notes, makes sure the team effort is always directly in line with client needs and priorities. (Ujjwal Kumar, Sreelekha Vijaya)
One 2-3 person architectural team - the team that makes technical implementation decisions, responsible for choosing platform, tools, frameworks, libraries, and deployment. Must work closely with design team and be active in the development effort. (Naveen Chandaluri, Shivani Reddy, Sravya Kancharla)
One 2-person project management team - responsible for making sure that team deadlines are assigned and progress is being made and reported to mentors and the client lead. (Sreelekha Vijaya, Shivani reddy)
2-3 scrum masters - responsible for making sure tasks are entered, assigned, completed, and tracked correctly in Jira. (Ujjwal Kumar, Anurag Kumar, Naveen Chandaluri)
One 2-3 person UX design team - responsible for choosing colors and branding for the app and verifying the look & feel with the client manager and/or NW website team (important for fieldhouse). Must work closely with architecture and development teams.(Vyshnavi Yalamareddy, Srimai Yanala)
One 6-8 person development team - to plan and perform the implementation - must verify all work  and get specific screen sketches approved before beginning implementation. (Anurag Kumar, Naveen Kumar Nuggu, Vyshnavi Yalamareddy, Srimai Yanala, Naveen Chandaluri, Sravya Kancharla, Shivani Reddy)
2-3 people for the marketing team - responsible for creating a one-page flyer advertising your app, your clients, and your team and periodically posting project-related progress and events on social media. (Sreelekha Vijaya, Anurag Kumar)
2-3 people for quality assurance and client acceptance. Make sure developers include unit tests and perform critical testing before and after all releases. Ensure the app meets all acceptance criteria. (Chaithanya Cherukuru, Naveen Kumar Nuggu)
Database - Cheruku Chaitanya, Naveen Kumar Nuggu
